In the last lecture we have been talking about the applications of recurrent natural networks and why
is it important to use these kinds of our networks in this lecture.
We are going to talk about the concrete architecture we have been talking about multi-layer are now
Real Networks with one or several hidden layers.
These are called Deep networks and we do these kinds of natural networks.
We kind of make predictions independent of each other.
So every single training example in a mood or now rail network are independent of each other.
So for example when we are dealing with animal classification there are going to be several animals
in the training example tigers elephants cats and something like this and it does training examples
had nothing to do with each other.
So that's why Petey is not correlated with P T minus 1 or P T minus 2 where p is the given training
examples and because the training examples are independent of each other.
Thats why the output of the natural network will be independent as well.
So these predictions are independent as far as feedforward are.
Now Real Networks are concerned but this is not the case for recurrent now where all networks with recurrent
bowel networks we can predict the next bird in a given sentence for example.
So as far as natural language processing is concerned or a time series analyzes is concerned such as
predicting stock prices tomorrow.
These training examples are not independent of each other.
P T depends on P T minus 1 P T minus 2 and so on.
So training examples are correlated of course.
This is what we had been talking about that if we have several sentences then recurrent now real network
is able to take guess the next word.
In this case because one of the previous sentence states that the guy is from Hungary.
That's why he can speak fluent Hungarian.
So in this case training examples are depending of each other.
And that's why the output of the now rail network is not going to be independent on the output in previous
taps.
So that's what I for recurrent.
Now we're on networks training.
Examples are correlated.
OK so if we want to understand the architecture of recurrent now rail network first we have to come
up with a new representation.
So far we have been talking about multi-layer feet forward now road networks and we use the representation
like this.
We had the input layer we had hidden layer and we had the output layer and every single layer can contain
several.
Now we're on the input layer contains two.
Now rowans the he didn't your contains screen now owns the output layer containing just a single.
Now we're on in the days Gidon multi-layer now a real network for recurrent.
Now we're run the network.
We are going to squeeze these layers and every single layer is going to be just a single node but it
is extremely important that every single node represent a given layer that can contain several.
Now rowans So in this case the hidden layer is represented with just a single note.
But this note contains stree now rowans the input layer is just a single node but it represents to know
rowans.
So this is how we are going to represent recurrent our role in that Virk architecture.
And it was extremely important that the hidden layer and now drones are connected to the south.
So instead of pointing in the direction of the next layer every single neuron is connected to itself.
So what does it mean.
It means that for recurrent neural networks he didn't layer gives an output to the output layer Plass
feeds back to the south because of the recurrent architecture.
OK so this is what's extremely crucial that every single neuron instead of pointing Xclusive early in
the direction of the next layer there's going to be a connection to the south in this case we have X
which is the input x d is the input at time t we have the weights w Sabai we have the hidden layer HD.
And of course it's going to be connected to its south.
H is the activation after applying the nation function on the given output.
OK so for a feedforward now we're on a network we just have to deal with the fact of the input layer.
But for recurrence now we're on the network there is a connection to the south.
So we have to deal with the fact of the previous time stop.
And of course we have to deal the abayas.
So that's why HD is going to be equal to the activation function which can be the sigmoid function which
can be that tan h function or direct defined linear unit activation function and we have to deal with
the waits times the input plus the wait times the previous times that activation Plus the bias.
So in this case these are matrices.
This is what we have been talking about that every single node in a recurrence now and that Virk represents
a given layer with several Now rowans.
So in this case there are several now roans in a disclaimer.
There are several now runs in this layer.
So these values are vectors and that's why the weights are going to be matrices.
Okay so we have the input layer we have the hidden layer.
And of course we have the output layer as usual for our own network.
So for feedforward now we're on networks there's the output layer and this is the case for recurrence
now.
And that works as well.
Okay so we have at the White Spot the output layer and this is how we calculate the output.
The output is equal to an activation function.
We have some weights than we have at this age Suttie which is the activation in the hidden layer plus
we have a bias.
So was the crucial difference between recurrent Now networks and feedforward now and that works that
the hidden layer now roans are connected to themselves.
So that's why we have to deal with the fact of previous stop and a good question is how to train recurrent
our own network.
Basically we can unroll it in time in order to end up with the standard feedforward.
Now will that work because we know how to deal that feedforward in our own networks.
We know how to train a given our own network.
We know how to update the good and educate we just have to use gradient descent way back propagation
and basically that all.
So we are going to on the roll this given a recurrence now really networking time and that's why we
will end up with something like this.
This is the given time stat t D-plus one times that is going to be the next layer in recurrent in our
own network architecture.
Dan H.T. plus 2 is going to be the next stop.
Okay so we have to deal with these quite simple equations but what is extremely important that several
parameters are shared across every single layer.
So for example w r is going to be the same in every single layer.
The same is true for double use of y or double use of these weight matrices are going to be the same.
Okay this is another feature for recurrence our real networks because for feedforward now were and that
works that these weights are different.
So of course the edge weights from the impolitely are pointing in the direction of the hidden layer
are different than the edge weights pointing from the hidden layer to the output layer.
So basically we didn't share educates as far as feedforward.
Now we're told that folks are concerned for recurrence now and that works.
These parameters are shared across every single layer and because of this there's a huge problem with
recurrence and our own networks which is scored when issuing an exploding gradient problem.
This is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.